Instructions on completing sandbox setup (#6)
BurendoUK/burendo-aws-org: README.md

Rules regarding the sandbox accounts can be found in the handbook Engineering > Tooling > AWS > Sandbox Environments > [Sandbox Rules](https://github.com/BurendoUK/burendo-handbook/blob/main/docs/Engineering/Tooling/AWS/Sandbox%20Environments/sandboxrules.md)

Engineers are entitled to create a sandbox account for themselves by modifying `sandbox-accounts.tf` appropriately and raising an PR.

### Setup

> After your PR has been approved, merged and successfully been deployed via Terraform. Login to the main account, assume role and review the `Organisation` page for the `Infrastructure` organisational unit to find your sandbox account number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your PR has been approved, merged and successfully been deployed via Terraform. Login to the management account, assume the `Administrator` role and review the `Organisation` page for the `Infrastructure` organisational unit to find your sandbox account number.
```
